# Variable
A memory location with a name and a type that stores a value

### Declaration and Assignment
A request to create new variable with a given name and type.
A request to store new value to the variable.
```
int length = 5;
double myGpa;
```

## 1. Types
Type determined how much the memory is allocated and it have to be defined.

## Primitive Types
There are 8 Primitive data types in Java. 
byte, short, int, long, boolean, char, double, float

#### Numeric Type:
```
int numProducts = 10;
double pi = 3.141592;
```

#### Char Type
```
char myGrade = 'A';
```

#### Boolean Type
```
boolean isRaining = false;
```

## String Type
```
String mySchool = "Uni High";
```

## 2. Naming Variables
* start with letter, $ or _
* follow by letters, numbers


# java.lang.Math
java.lang.Math class contains methods for performing basic math operations.
- sqrt
- pow
- round
- max
- min


# Exercise: module: 2.Variable
## Ex1: class: Variables
Wriet a program that:
- Please create a variable called name and store your name.
- Please create a variable called myScore and store 90.
- Please create a variable called myGpa and store 4.5
- Please create a variable called isGameOver and store False

## Ex2: class: NameAgeVariable
Write a program that: 
- stores your name in one variable called name; 
- stores your age in another variable called age, and; 
- prints a one-line greeting that includes your name and your age.

```
Your program should output something like this:
Hi! My name is Taehee Jung and I am 40 years old.
```

## Ex3: class: Rectangle
Make variables to represent the length and width of a rectangle, called length 
and width, respectively. You should set length to 10 and width to 5.
Then, write some expressions to display the area and perimeter.

```
Your output should look like this:
Area: 50
Perimeter: 30
```