# Arithmetic Expressions

### Arithmetic Operators 
```
+ - * / %
```

### Operation Precedence
- PEMDAS
- Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication and Division, and Addition and Subtraction
- Please Excuse My Dear Aunt Sally

### Type of Division
- Integer division: 2 / 5
- Double division: 2.0 / 5.0
- Mixed Division: 2.0 / 5

### Arithmetic shortcuts
```
counter = counter + 1;   // counter++;
counter = counter - 1;   // counter--;

x = x + y;   // x += y;
x = x - y;   // x -= y;
x = x * y;   // x *= y;
x = x / y;   // x /= y;
```

### Casting
change a variable's type

```
int totalScore = 10
int numStudnets = 4;

double average = totalScore / numStudnets;
```

# EX1: class: Rounding
Please write a program to cast the follwoing doubles to integer.
Print both round down and round up values in separate lines. 

```
double value1 = 1.2;
double value2 = 1.5
double value3 = 1.7
```

# Ex2: ProductRating
Products in amazon always come with ratings. 
Please write a program to ask the user to enter product rating and print the rating in the nearest int.

output

```
Please enter a movie rating: 3.4
Rounded Rating is 3.
```

# EX3: FractionAddition
Please write a program that ask the user for 4 integers that represent two fractions.
```
What is the numerator of the first fraction?
What is the denominator of the first fraction?
What is the numerator of the second fraction?
What is the denominator of the second fraction?
```
```
 a     c      ad + bc
--- + ---  = ---------
 b     d        bd
```

# Ex4: IntDivision
Write a program that:
1. read two ints from user input
2. divides the two ints
3. prints the result

```
First int: 3
Second int: 4
0.75
```

# EX5: class: RollerCoaster
Get user input as a boolean and store it in the variable tallEnough.
Also, get user input as a boolean and store it in the variable oldEnough.
Then, use the two boolean variables to decide whether the user is able to ride the rollercoaster. Use a logical operator to decide whether the user is eligible to ride.

Print true or false depending on whether the user can or can’t ride the rollercoaster.

# EX6: class RollerCosterHeight
Write a program to ask the user his height and age. Based on the input, use a logical operator to decide whether the user is eligible to ride the RollerCoster.
