(Analysis by Benjamin Qi)
Note: This problem is quite tricky for silver!

First, sort all the cows by x-coordinate. For partial credit, we can simulate each collision that the cows make in O(N), for a worst-case runtime of O(N3).

To make solving the problem in O(NlogN) more manageable, let's split it into two independent parts.

### Part 1: Determining T.

Consider the multiset of all times when the cows reach the barns. If the cows did not actually switch velocities,

Cows with di=−1 contribute xi to the multiset.
Cows with di=1 contribute L−xi to the multiset.
Nevertheless, this multiset remains the same regardless of whether cows switch velocities or not.

Let z be the number of cows with di=−1. Then exactly z cows reach the left barn, so these must be precisely the z leftmost cows. Thus, we can just take all of the xi for the cows with initial di=−1 and set these equal to the finishing times of the z leftmost cows. Similarly, we can just take all of the L−xi for cows with initial di=1 and set these equal to the finishing times of the N−z rightmost cows. After this, we can sort all the finishing times again and maintain the current total weight in order to determine T.

### Part 2: Determining the number of meetings.

Now we can ignore the weight condition and assume that cows do not switch velocities after meeting; essentially, they will pass through each other. This will not affect the answer. Then two cows with xi<xj will meet if di=1,dj=−1,xi+2T≥xj. The number of such pairs can be computed by iterating from left to right and maintaining a queue that consists of those cows with di=1 that you are currently considering as meeting candidates.

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

typedef long long ll;
typedef vector<int> vi; 
typedef vector<pair<int,int>> vpi; 
 
#define FOR(i,a,b) for (int i = (a); i < (b); ++i)
#define F0R(i,a) FOR(i,0,a)
#define ROF(i,a,b) for (int i = (b)-1; i >= (a); --i)
#define R0F(i,a) ROF(i,0,a)
#define trav(a,x) for (auto& a: x)
 
#define pb push_back
#define rsz resize
#define sz(x) int(x.size())
#define all(x) begin(x), end(x)
#define f first
#define s second

void setIO(string name) {
	ios_base::sync_with_stdio(0); cin.tie(0);
	freopen((name+".in").c_str(),"r",stdin);
	freopen((name+".out").c_str(),"w",stdout);
}

int N,L;
vi w,x,d;
 
void init() {
	setIO("meetings");
	cin >> N >> L;
	w.rsz(N), x.rsz(N), d.rsz(N);
	F0R(i,N) cin >> w[i] >> x[i] >> d[i];
	vi inds(N); iota(all(inds),0);
	sort(all(inds),[](int a, int b) { return x[a] < x[b]; });
	vi W,X,D;
	trav(t,inds) {
		W.pb(w[t]);
		X.pb(x[t]);
		D.pb(d[t]);
	}
	swap(w,W), swap(x,X), swap(d,D);
}
 
int getTime() {
	vi lef, rig;
	F0R(i,N) {
		if (d[i] == -1) lef.pb(x[i]);
		else rig.pb(x[i]);
	}
	vpi v;
	F0R(i,sz(lef)) v.pb({lef[i],w[i]});
	F0R(i,sz(rig)) v.pb({L-rig[i],w[sz(lef)+i]});
	sort(all(v));
	int tot = 0; trav(t,v) tot += t.s;
	trav(t,v) {
		tot -= 2*t.s;
		if (tot <= 0) return t.f;
	}
}
 
int main() {
	init();
	int t = getTime(); 
	queue<int> rig;
	int ans = 0;
	F0R(i,N) {
		if (d[i] == -1) {
			while (sz(rig) && rig.front()+2*t < x[i]) rig.pop();
			ans += sz(rig);
		} else rig.push(x[i]);
	}
	cout << ans << "\n";
}
```
For some more problems in the same spirit see

Independence #20
Ants on a Circle (AtCoder)
Ants on a Circle (CodeForces)